Data Dictionary

Samsung Accelerometer Measurement 
Mean and Standard Deviation for each subject by activity

Column.  Name (data type) - Description
1. activitylabel (chr) - The activity that was observed.  
2. subject (int) - The subject who did the activity.
3. tbodyaccelerationmeanx (num) - The mean of body acceleration for x in the time domain.
4. tbodyaccelerationmeany (num) - The mean of body acceleration for y in the time domain.
5. tbodyaccelerationmeanz (num) - The mean of body acceleration for z in the time domain.
6. tbodyaccelerationstddevx (num) - The standard deviation of body acceleration for x in the time domain.
7. tbodyaccelerationstddevy (num) - The standard deviation of body acceleration for y in the time domain.
8. tbodyaccelerationstddevz (num) - The standard deviation of body acceleration for z in the time domain.
9. tgravityaccelerationmeanx (num) - The mean of gravity acceleration for x in the time domain.
10. tgravityaccelerationmeany (num) - The mean of gravity acceleration for y in the time domain.
11. tgravityaccelerationmeanz (num) - The mean of gravity acceleration for z in the time domain.
12. tgravityaccelerationstddevx (num) - The standard deviation of gravity acceleration for x in the time domain.
13. tgravityaccelerationstddevy (num) - The standard deviation of gravity acceleration for y in the time domain.
14. tgravityaccelerationstddevz (num) - The standard deviation of gravity acceleration for z in the time domain.
15. tbodyaccelerationjerkmeanx (num) - The mean of body jerk acceleration for x in the time domain.
16. tbodyaccelerationjerkmeany (num) - The mean of body jerk acceleration for y in the time domain.
17. tbodyaccelerationjerkmeanz (num) - The mean of body jerk acceleration for z in the time domain.
18. tbodyaccelerationjerkstddevx (num) - The standard deviation of body jerk acceleration for x in the time domain.
19. tbodyaccelerationjerkstddevy (num) - The standard deviation of body jerk acceleration for y in the time domain.
20. tbodyaccelerationjerkstddevz (num) - The standard deviation of body jerk acceleration for z in the time domain.
21. tbodygyromeanx (num) - The mean of gyro acceleration for x in the time domain.
22. tbodygyromeany (num) - The mean of gyro acceleration for y in the time domain.
23. tbodygyromeanz (num) - The mean of gyro acceleration for z in the time domain.
24. tbodygyrostddevx (num) - The standard deviation of gyro acceleration for x in the time domain.
25. tbodygyrostddevy (num) - The standard deviation of gyro acceleration for x in the time domain.
26. tbodygyrostddevz (num) - The standard deviation of gyro acceleration for x in the time domain.
27. tbodygyrojerkmeanx (num) - The mean of gyro jerk acceleration for x in the time domain.
28. tbodygyrojerkmeany (num) - The mean of gyro jerk acceleration for y in the time domain.
29. tbodygyrojerkmeanz (num) - The mean of gyro jerk acceleration for z in the time domain.
30. tbodygyrojerkstddevx (num) - The mean of gyro jerk acceleration for x in the time domain.
31. tbodygyrojerkstddevy (num) - The mean of gyro jerk acceleration for y in the time domain.
32. tbodygyrojerkstddevz (num) - The mean of gyro jerk acceleration for z in the time domain.
33. tbodyaccelerationmagnitudemean (num) - The mean of body acceleration magnitude in the time domain.
34. tbodyaccelerationmagnitudestddev (num) - The standard deviation of body acceleration magnitude in the time domain.
35. tgravityaccelerationmagnitudemean (num) - The mean of gravity acceleration magnitude in the time domain.
36. tgravityaccelerationmagnitudestddev (num) - The standard deviation of gravity acceleration magnitude in the time domain.
37. tbodyaccelerationjerkmagnitudemean (num) - The mean of body acceleration jerk magnitude in the time domain.
38. tbodyaccelerationjerkmagnitudestddev (num) - The standard deviation of body acceleration jerk magnitude in the time domain.
39. tbodygyromagnitudemean (num) - The mean of body gyro magnitude in the time domain.
40. tbodygyromagnitudestddev (num) - The standard deviation of body gyro magnitude in the time domain.
41. tbodygyrojerkmagnitudemean (num) - The mean of body gyro jerk magnitude in the time domain.
42. tbodygyrojerkmagnitudestddev (num) - The standard deviation of body gyro jerk magnitude in the time domain.
43. fbodyaccelerationmeanx (num) - The mean of body acceleration for x in the frequency domain.
44. fbodyaccelerationmeany (num) - The mean of body acceleration for y in the frequency domain.
45. fbodyaccelerationmeanz (num) - The mean of body acceleration for z in the frequency domain.
46. fbodyaccelerationstddevx (num) - The standard deviation of body acceleration for x in the frequency domain.
47. fbodyaccelerationstddevy (num) - The standard deviation of body acceleration for y in the frequency domain.
48. fbodyaccelerationstddevz (num) - The standard deviation of body acceleration for z in the frequency domain.
49. fbodyaccelerationmeanfreqx (num) - The mean of body acceleration for x in the frequency domain.
50. fbodyaccelerationmeanfreqy (num) - The mean of body acceleration for y in the frequency domain.
51. fbodyaccelerationmeanfreqz (num) - The mean of body acceleration for z in the frequency domain.
52. fbodyaccelerationjerkmeanx (num) - The mean of body acceleration jerk for x in the frequency domain.
53. fbodyaccelerationjerkmeany (num) - The mean of body acceleration jerk for y in the frequency domain.
54. fbodyaccelerationjerkmeanz (num) - The mean of body acceleration jerk for z in the frequency domain.
55. fbodyaccelerationjerkstddevx (num) - The standard deviation of body acceleration jerk for x in the frequency domain.
56. fbodyaccelerationjerkstddevy (num) - The standard deviation of body acceleration jerk for y in the frequency domain.
57. fbodyaccelerationjerkstddevz (num) - The standard deviation of body acceleration jerk for z in the frequency domain.
58. fbodyaccelerationjerkmeanfreqx (num) - The mean of body acceleration jerk for x in the frequency domain.
59. fbodyaccelerationjerkmeanfreqy (num) - The mean of body acceleration jerk for y in the frequency domain.
60. fbodyaccelerationjerkmeanfreqz (num) - The mean of body acceleration jerk for z in the frequency domain.
61. fbodygyromeanx (num) - The mean of body jerk for x in the frequency domain.
62. fbodygyromeany (num) - The mean of body jerk for y in the frequency domain.
63. fbodygyromeanz (num) - The mean of body jerk for z in the frequency domain.
64. fbodygyrostddevx (num) - The standard deviation of body jerk for x in the frequency domain.
65. fbodygyrostddevy (num) - The standard deviation of body jerk for y in the frequency domain.
66. fbodygyrostddevz (num) - The standard deviation of body jerk for z in the frequency domain.
67. fbodygyromeanfreqx (num) - The mean of body jerk for x in the frequency domain.
68. fbodygyromeanfreqy (num) - The mean of body jerk for x in the frequency domain.
69. fbodygyromeanfreqz (num) - The mean of body jerk for x in the frequency domain.
70. fbodyaccelerationmagnitudemean (num) - The mean of body acceleration magnitude in the frequency domain.
71. fbodyaccelerationmagnitudestddev (num) - The standard deviation of body acceleration magnitude in the frequency domain.
72. fbodyaccelerationmagnitudemeanfreq (num) - The mean of body acceleration magnitude in the frequency domain.
73. fbodybodyaccelerationjerkmagnitudemean (num) - The standard deviation of body acceleration magnitude in the frequency domain.
74. fbodybodyaccelerationjerkmagnitudestddev (num) - The mean of body acceleration jerk magnitude in the frequency domain.
75. fbodybodyaccelerationjerkmagnitudemeanfreq (num) - The standard deviation of body acceleration jerk magnitude in the frequency domain.
76. fbodybodygyromagnitudemean (num) - The mean of body gyro magnitude in the frequency domain.
77. fbodybodygyromagnitudestddev (num) - The standard deviation of body gyro magnitude in the frequency domain.
78. fbodybodygyromagnitudemeanfreq (num) - The mean of body gyro magnitude in the frequency domain.
79. fbodybodygyrojerkmagnitudemean (num) - The mean of body gyro jerk magnitude in the frequency domain.
80. fbodybodygyrojerkmagnitudestddev (num) - The standard deviation of body gyro jerk magnitude in the frequency domain.
81. fbodybodygyrojerkmagnitudemeanfreq (num) - The mean of body gyro jerk magnitude in the frequency domain.
